Updated the section for uninstalling Pipeline Operator. (#64067)
openshift/openshift-docs: cicd/pipelines/uninstalling-pipelines.adoc

Cluster administrators can uninstall the {pipelines-title} Operator by performing the following steps:

. Delete the Custom Resources (CRs) that were added by default when you installed the {pipelines-title} Operator.

> . Delete the CRs of the optional components, such as {tekton-hub}, that are dependent on the Operator.

Reviewer: @masauso-lungu Is this component optional or not? Please clarify.

> . Delete the CRs of the optional components, such as {tekton-hub}, that are dependent on the Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Delete the CRs of the optional components such as {tekton-hub} that depend on the Operator.
```
